.
[light jazz music playing]
*
- Is she older than
that bottle of wine?
Oh, my God, you're
checking the label.
- [chuckles]
- Dad, look,
a girl her age
dating a guy your age?
I'm sorry,
she smells money.
- There's nothing left to smell.
- Well, then she's in
for a shock because
for a guy who's broke,
you live real good.
- You and, um...Mouch?
- We're good.
We're solid.
There is a lot of trust there.
- That's a loaded description.
- Hey, Mom only
didn't trust you
'cause she had eyes
and ears.
Okay, I got to go.
He gets off shift in an hour,
which is how long it's gonna
take me to walk to my car.
- It's a popular neighborhood.
- Even with you in it.
Go figure.
Daddy, this Natalie thing,
all I'm saying is,
be careful, okay?
- You should be
warning her.
- If I had her number,
I would.
[kiss]
Love you. Bye.
- Night, pumpkin.
*
[door opens, closes]
[car alarm beeps]
[thud]
[gasps]
[struggling]
[blow lands]
Aah...
[dramatic music]
[both grunting]
[blow lands]
*
- You should've done me right
when you had the chance.
[car alarm beeps, wails]
- Hey, people are trying
to sleep!
- [groaning]
*
[engine turns over]
[tires squeal off]
[groaning]
[alarm continues wailing]
- Honey, call 911!
*
Are you okay?
- He's got my gun.
- What?
- I'm a--
I'm a cop.
He's got my gun.
- Call 911!
There's a cop!
She's dying!
Hurry!
Okay, stay with me.
- Ah...
- Stay with me.
*
- Let's open these doors.
PD's in the house.
Let's take it down.
Give me some space, people.
Dr. Rhodes,
we're going to Trauma 2.
PD's in the house.
- What do we got?
- Blunt force trauma
to the head,
initially unresponsive
in the field.
GCS is now at 10.
Let's get ready to rotate.
Rotate.
- Let's get her in.
Gonna move her over
on my count, all right?
- Yep.
[tense music]
- Set.
One, two, three.
- Transfer.
Let's get it out.
Let's get the gurney out.
[indistinct P.A. announcement]
- Pupils are equal
and reactive bilaterally.
BP?
- 112 over 80.
Heart rate is 120.
- All right, we need
to check for hemorrhage.
Let's get her up
for a C-spine CT now.
- Copy.
- Trudy, can you hear me?
Trudy?
- You ready to travel?
- Yeah, let's go.
- Let's go.
- Hey.
- Hey, excuse me.
She's in surgery
with Dr. Rhodes.
We don't know for how long.
- Antonio's setting up a grid
at Beckett and Fremont.
There was one witness, but
we don't know how much he saw.
- What was she doing there?
- Well, we'll find out
as soon as she's awake.
- Police are under attack.
- We don't know
that's what this was.
- She was wearing plain clothes,
but she could've been followed
from the district.
We don't know.
- Where is she?
- Hey, she's in surgery
right now.
- I need to be with her.
- That's not possible.
- Who did this?
[shouting]
Who did this to her?
- Let's do this someplace else.
Come on.
- Come on.
- Look, I want to work fast.
Where was Trudy tonight?
- I don't know.
She said--
what'd she say?
I've been on shift 46 hours.
We're--we're two ships.
- You said you didn't know
where she went.
Is there...
any chance she could've
been with another guy?
- You want to run with
that theory?
Good luck.
Are we done here?
- All right.
- Does she have any beefs,
professional or personal?
- How about some compassion?
- How long
have you known Trudy?
'Cause me and her,
we go back 20 years.
So...believe me,
I'm feeling
what you're feeling.
[solemn music]
- You know Trudy.
She's had nothing but beefs,
love her or hate her.
- Is there anything
that stood out to you?
*
- [sighs]
Last week,
she said some nutjob
shouted her down at her desk,
some stupid complaint.
I don't know.
Don't know his name.
He threatened her.
She said she was
gonna handle it.
I should have done something.
- No.
Hey.
That's not your job.
We got this.
- C--
- Yeah, come on.
*
- We're gonna turn
this block inside out.
I want every single
resident accounted for.
No one leaves until it's done.
One of ours is
in the hospital.
Let's go get some answers.
*
- I came out to the car,
she was lying there,
I told my wife to call 911.
Then you guys showed up.
Did you guys need me to come
down and make a statement?
- Tell us what you saw.
No detail's too small.
- Yeah.
I didn't see the guy.
I-I heard a car peel out.
- Uh-huh.
- It was definitely a V-8.
It sounded vintage.
I collect.
Anyway, I came out.
Your officer triggered
the car alarm.
It was, uh, 10:20.
- How did you know
she was police?
- She said she was,
you know,
before she passed out.
She tried to defend herself,
or I assume she did,
but the guy took her gun.
- We're gonna need to
get this in writing.
You can do it
from your house.
Officer?
- Yeah.
- Okay, all right.
The guy left her purse,
didn't take her watch.
I got Sergeant Hayes
from Violent Crimes
running all recent parolees
with robbery backgrounds,
convicted felons
who live in this sector.
I don't know,
what do you think?
Al.
- He only took her gun.
- I need all you
to report for canvassing
to Detective Dawson
up on Webster Street.
Let's move.
Burgess, I need you
catching in-service calls
at the south end
of the district.
- Sir, shouldn't I help
on the canvass?
- Intelligence has Platt's case.
I already got five cars
down on that job.
- Excuse me?
- Will you hang on
just a minute?
And we got a big city
we need to deal with.
I got to take this.
Hang on.
- Adam.
- Hey.
- What do we know?
- Uh, not much yet.
Voight's got us
onto something,
but he thinks
that Platt was targeted.
- Is there anything
I can do to help?
- Yeah, we can use more hands.
Come on.
- All right, yeah.
- I don't think
this was a random attack.
These are CRs filed
against Platt.
The top two are lawsuits
she's racked up.
We think she knows
her assailant.
A guy came in the district
last week, made threats.
I want to know why,
and I want to know who,
and fast.
- Sergeant,
you know we got those new
cameras installed downstairs?
- We do?
- Yeah,
it's a new security measure,
so if the guy was a walk-in...
- I'll contact OEMC,
get access.
Meantime, every page.
- Yeah.
- If you don't have any
lawsuits filed against you,
you're a fake-ass cop.
- Well, in that case,
Platt's real as hell.
Bad joke.
Let's dive in.
[dark music]
*
[camera shutter clicks]
- All right,
these are all Platt's shifts
since the cameras went in.
That's me walking in
right there.
- We see that.
- Adam, faster.
- You got it, yeah, yeah.
*
- Wait, what's that?
That's Malik.
- Who?
- He runs the liquor store
on 22nd.
Let's go.
[door bell chimes]
Yo, Malik.
You threatening cops, huh?
- Can I help you, Officer?
- Come out here.
- I ain't got to
consent to that.
*
- [clears throat]
- We gotta ask you
a couple of questions, dog.
[lock latches]
- I got two more units
in the back.
Try and run.
*
- Y'all got body cameras on?
- Nope.
Not us.
- [sighs]
- Where were you tonight,
Malik?
- I was here, all night.
I got here at 8:00,
and I haven't left.
- Who's gonna back you up?
- How about your Sergeant?
- Hell you trying to say?
- You work for
Sergeant Platt, right?
She came in, she walked
my nephew out to the car.
Tonight's when we do
our cash runs.
We go collect
from my other shops,
but we've been robbed twice.
- Okay, well,
I'm confused because
you were just in our district,
making threats.
- We supposed to get
more patrol on the block
but budget cuts
or whatever.
Look, she came here on her own,
bury the hatchet,
and do the security herself.
- Wait, she came here tonight,
after her shift?
- That's what I'm telling you.
Is there a problem?
- She seem out of sorts at all?
Upset?
- She always upset.
Look, tonight's
big complaint was,
she had to go see
her old man.
Guess he's some type
of hard-ass too.
*
- Thank you.
- All right.
*
- Huh.
Someone's watching.
*
[cell phone rings]
- What is it, Ruzek?
*
- Chicago Police!
[door creaks]
- Oh, okay.
- It's open.
*
- Hey.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
*
- 5021, we got a man down
with multiple gunshot wounds.
Roll the crime lab
and make the proper
notifications.
- Copy that, 5021.
- No need for an ambulance.
*
[dark music]
- There's no sign
of forced entry,
except for us coming
through the front door.
Could be
he knew the guy or guys.
they had a nice dinner,
and somebody said
something wrong thing.
- He was tortured
for information.
- I know you're working fast,
but all I said
was extensive contusions.
- He was tortured, and Platt
was hit three blocks from here.
- They came here looking
for Platt's whereabouts.
That's what you're thinking?
- Yeah.
- So, Trudy has dinner,
she left,
guy or guys enter,
they rough up Mr. Platt
till they get Trudy's location,
but they waste him anyway?
- But why were they after Platt?
- That's what we're trying
to determine.
- Come here a second.
I wanna tell you something.
- Okay, what?
- You know Platt's dad
was into some shady deals.
Now, if she wound up
in the middle of something,
this might get worse for her.
- Well,
we can't think about that.
- All right, regardless,
it's also possible that
she wasn't even the target;
he was.
You know, they roughed her up
to get his location.
- Look, we got to
make the connection.
Someone wanted them
both to suffer.
We find out why,
then we'll know who.
- How's she doing?
- She's in surgery.
It looks bad.
*
Robert Platt, age 72.
Well, this is no longer
an isolated attack
against a sergeant
in our district.
Mr. Platt was found
in his apartment.
He'd been beaten,
shot several times
with a .357 caliber.
- He's got no priors,
but he was investigated
by Financial Crimes and the IRS.
Three buildings,
his development company put up,
they went bankrupt.
- He made a lot of people rich
in the '80s
and lost money for them
ever since.
- Neighbor called in shots fired
at 10:04 p.m.
Patrol responded
by throwing the zone operator
a code 19-Paul.
- And nobody else called
in the shots?
- No, so patrol
didn't knock,
but that gives us
a timeline.
Platt leaves her house,
offender enters, shoots Robert.
Platt buys
a water bottle at CVS.
15 minutes later,
she's attacked.
- And he wasn't robbed.
- Nothing appeared
to be disturbed,
except for the living room where
there was an apparent struggle.
- All right, listen.
I liked Robert,
but I think we're looking
at the wrong Platt.
I want you to cross-reference
everybody he did business with
against anybody Trudy
arrested, beefed with, anything.
She's counting on us
to get this right,
so is her husband.
So am I.
- So?
- So Platt came in
with what looked like
an orbital blowout fracture.
CT came back clear.
- What does that mean?
Is she gonna be okay?
- She is.
- He's being modest.
Um, Platt had a bad bleed
in her eye socket.
Thanks to Dr. Rhodes,
no permanent damage.
- She's up, she's alert,
she's kind of rude.
- [scoffs]
- All cylinders firing.
- Thank you.
- What's wrong?
You okay?
- Um, her dad...
- [sighs]
- Hey, Sarge.
I didn't see him.
I heard footsteps,
and then I got conked.
- Trudy, we went
back through your night,
so we know that
you had dinner
with your father
before you were attacked.
We rolled the unit to his house.
Uh, to...
- This is, uh, really hard.
Uh, I'm just gonna
say it, Sarge.
They found
your father unresponsive.
Olinsky was in first.
There were signs
of a struggle.
He had multiple
gunshot wounds.
- What are you saying?
- I'm--I'm...
- I'm sorry.
There was nothing
we could do.
- Nothing that we could do?
Don't--don't--
don't talk to me
like I'm some victim.
- Trudy, tonight you are.
I'm so sorry,
but he's gone.
[solemn music]
*
- [exhales]
Do you have witnesses?
Do you have anything?
- No, they just found him.
Did you get a look at the guy?
- No.
I saw gloves,
and he had my gun.
*
That's all I remember.
My dad's house,
did it look like a robbery?
- No.
And we're going through
all your files,
but we're missing something.
Do you have any idea
who would want to
hurt your family like this?
- My family?
No.
Uh, mm,
mmm, hmm, nope.
I can't even think straight.
*
- Okay.
Rest up.
I'm so sorry.
Commander.
*
- I'm sorry, Sarge.
- [sighs]
Trudy,
I'm so sorry.
*
- Wait.
What are you trying to say?
- Platt did something.
There's something
going on here.
- When?
- At the hospital, she...
I think that she's got
an offender in mind,
but nobody popped
in her files.
- If she's thinking of somebody,
but they aren't in her files...
- We got to go see Virginia
in the Records Department.
- Yeah.
- Can't do it.
- Virginia, she's your friend,
and she was attacked.
- And I won't incriminate myself
or my friend.
- We know that you did a Records
Administration search for Platt.
Just give us a name.
Who'd she look into?
- I know that looking up
a civilian without
a case assigned is illegal.
I don't care.
Okay, we don't care.
This is moving fast.
Please, don't stand
in our way on this.
- [sighs]
- It's Trudy.
- Okay, I looked into a girl.
She was dating Trudy's father.
- Okay.
- Natalie Kern.
But it's not her you want.
It's her ex-boyfriend,
repeat offender.
Him, Leonard Milwood.
There's a record
if I print this.
- I'm gonna delete this
as soon the second we get him.
- Racketeering,
aggravated assault,
strong-arm robbery,
attempted bribery.
He's ambitious.
- Trudy thought they were
working an angle.
They wanted money,
and her father
liked to represent
like he had it.
And now look.
- Thank you.
- Sarge, we think Platt
got a bad vibe off the girl
her dad was dating,
so she did a records search.
That's Natalie Kern.
She's got an ex-boyfriend.
His name's Leonard Milwood,
career stickup guy.
- So, Trudy thinks these two
are gonna rip off her old man,
but they find out
she's looking into them?
- And then she becomes
collateral damage.
- All right, well,
get two covert cars
to sit on their houses.
- Already did.
The uniforms haven't seen
either one of them yet.
- Hey.
So I flagged all of
Robert Platt's credit cards.
One of them just swiped at
a business over on Roosevelt,
flat-screen TV,
case of white wine.
Security saw a female, white,
30s, good-looking.
This is two minutes ago.
- That is Natalie.
- Go.
[suspenseful music]
*
- You guys go that way.
Kim, Kim.
Just...
- Okay, yeah.
*
- Natalie?
[both grunt]
Natalie Kern,
you are under arrest.
- Get off me!
I didn't do anything.
- Yeah?
Then why did you run?
[handcuffs click]
Stay down!
- Who is this?
Who'd you text?
Huh?
- [grunting]
- "Police."
Is Leonard Milwood here?
- He's talking to you.
- I don't have to talk to you.
- Yeah, you sure do.
Is he here?
- Oh, my God, my car!
Oh, my God, please.
Help me, please, somebody.
Somebody, please help.
- Kev.
- He took my car!
He took my car!
He took my car--this way!
He's right outside!
He's over there!
Over here!
He's coming around the back!
Please!
He stole my car!
- I'm good, I'm good?
- Good, go.
[tires screeching
*
[tires squealing]
[crashing]
*
- Chicago PD!
Climb out of there!
- We see you moving around!
- Put them up!
Stay there.
- There you go.
- You got me?
- I got you.
- We executed a search warrant
at your apartment, Natalie.
You have quite the collection
of gold watches.
Most of them have
Robert Platt's initials on them.
This one's nice.
How do you pronounce it?
"Outer-mores pee-gwet,"
or something?
- Mm-mm, Piguet,
Audemars Piguet.
- Oh.
- They were all gifts
for my birthday last month.
- Seven men's watches?
That's a nice gift.
- We were in love.
- How about you hit
that line again,
but this time
with some feeling, babe?
All right, I'm gonna fill
in the blanks.
You're a con artist,
so is your boyfriend.
Only he has a habit
of getting caught.
And you targeted
Robert Platt,
a rich, older man,
and you killed him.
You tried to kill his daughter,
a Chicago police officer,
'cause she didn't trust you.
Only you sent
your boyfriend do it,
and he's so stupid,
he botched the job
and she lived.
- No?
You represented
that you were single.
You're still with Leonard?
- Yeah, but that's
not a crime.
- It's motive for murder.
- And you ran.
Why'd you run, Natalie?
- You know, you guys all ask
the same questions.
- Take her and the boyfriend,
have them processed
for the homicide
and attempted murder
of a police officer.
- No, wait,
we didn't kill anyone.
- Oh, this is where
she gives you up, Leonard.
I'm telling you,
I've seen this movie before.
- That's what, three times
you're a loser?
Do you really want to go back
in front of a judge
without telling
your side of this?
- [groans]
- No, no, no, no, no.
Stand where you are.
[dark music]
- It was all her.
I didn't lift a finger.
"Baby, I met this guy.
We can take him for a ride."
All her.
She's got a whole bunch
of his stuff in storage.
[sighs]
But I never killed
anybody in my life.
Natalie either.
- And last night,
I was at a club near the house.
He was in a casino in Indiana.
He didn't get home till late.
Look, Robert is a nice man.
I think he knew
I was stealing from him,
and I don't think he cared.
He just--he--
he just liked me.
- Well, a lot of guys
make that mistake, right?
- So--why would I
want to kill him?
He transferred
everything he had,
all of his secret
little corporations,
to his daughter
six months ago.
*
Believe me, he wasn't as broke
as he seemed to be.
*
- All right.
The club where you were
and everything you stole
off Robert Platt
and where it was stashed.
Start writing.
*
- Antonio.
From the Asset Forfeiture Unit.
Robert Platt really was
transferring ownership
in all those LLCs
to Trudy Platt's name.
We're still waiting on subpoenas
for three other banks.
- Yeah, he did
a pretty good job too.
Can't find his name anywhere.
- Even so, Platt's rich,
like, officially.
- So at this time,
we can't find a financial motive
for these attacks.
So what, it's personal?
It's revenge?
- Who wants to go
scare some guys?
You, Kevin, come on.
- Wise choice.
*
- Am I being released?
- Not exactly.
Come on.
*
Natalie, just breathe, okay?
- I'm breathing,
I'm breathing.
*
[doorbell chimes]
[pop music playing]
*
[women giggling]
- All right, you just, uh...
sit right here, okay?
[whistles]
Hi, hey, you must be
the head chef.
We need to see the manager.
- It's okay, Mark.
Can I help you, officers?
- Uh...well, uh, yeah.
A friend of mine was beat
nearly to death
about a block from here.
She's a cop.
Her father's a--
a member here.
- Yeah, Robert Platt.
He was killed last night.
- I'm so sorry, but I don't see
how we can be of service.
- Yeah, well,
I thought that out already.
You have a hidden camera
that faces Beckett Street.
- So if we could see whatever
you recorded last night
between 10:00 and 11:00 p.m.?
- I'm gonna need a warrant.
- I already said that
she was a friend of mine,
and so is the state's attorney,
you know, and he doesn't
like private clubs.
So...let's get the tape,
or a warrant becomes
the least of your troubles.
[tense music]
- Wait here.
*
- Hey, Sarge,
no plates,
but Olinsky pulled
a video
of a '68 Ford Fastback Mustang
circling the block
where Platt was attacked.
- Like the driver
was looking for someone.
- Or a parking space.
- It's a rare car,
V-8 engine,
like our one almost-witness
said that they heard.
- Find every car registered
in the state,
anyone who's ever owned one.
Check the hot sheet, see if
any are reported stolen.
Keep it off the zone.
- You got it.
[indistinct P.A. announcement]
- Hey.
- Oh!
Whoa.
Way to--
sneak up on a gal,
why don't you?
- I'm sorry about your dad.
- Where are
you guys at with it?
- Um...
We found his girlfriend,
Natalie.
She had items in her apartment
stolen from your dad's house.
She alibied out for the murder,
her and her boyfriend,
so I guess she was
double-dipping on your dad.
- [sighs]
- I'm sorry, you asked.
[phone buzzing]
Text from Lindsay.
Um...
okay, offender was in
a '68 Mustang Fastback.
Does that mean anything
to you?
- '68?
No, nothing.
Wish it did.
- Okay.
Oh, and hey,
I brought you something
from vending.
Yay.
[soft laugh]
- Mixed nuts?
- Yeah, you love mixed nuts.
- Look at me.
- Yeah?
- Rice pudding is
a stretch right now.
- Right.
Okay, I have to
go chase down this car,
but I-I promise to
keep you in the loop.
- Oh.
Nice try with the nuts.
Thanks.
[dark music]
*
- Dark red
1968 Mustang Fastback.
Not a lot of these left around.
This one belongs
to Wade McGregor.
- McGregor, his name popped
in Platt's dad's files.
- Yes, McGregor ran
a construction company
that did work
for Platt's dad,
and he also invested in one
of her father's business deals
that went into receivership
when the economy tanked.
- The file also says
he ran a side business
distributing narcotics.
He's fresh out Stateville
for an eight-year bump.
- How's he connect
with Sergeant Platt?
She didn't arrest him.
Narcotics pinched him.
He's not in any of her files.
- Paths might've crossed
at some point.
Platt knows
how to cover her tracks.
- What's that supposed to mean?
- It's true.
- Just get that file
in front of Trudy,
see if she can
make a connection.
Come on, you and me
are gonna go talk to
the arresting officer.
*
- Detective Flores,
thanks for taking the time.
- Don't thank me
till we're finished.
It's something my old man
used to say.
Hank?
- Flores.
- So yeah, Wade McGregor.
My team pinched him
holding weight.
Two kis in his home
in Oak Park,
plus a condo downtown.
- Is there a reason why
you didn't want
to talk on the phone?
- It came off a tip
from a sergeant
I know a long time,
officially recorded
as Jane Doe intel.
- You didn't have enough
for a warrant?
- Without Platt's
Jane Doe tip,
we never would've gotten paper
to get in that house.
I don't care if
space aliens
came down
and tipped me off.
Dope dealer went to prison.
Selling to guys on his job site,
it was a dunk.
You need bodies to try
to locate McGregor?
- No, we got it from here.
Thanks.
We never spoke.
[indistinct P.A. announcement]
- Um...Maggie?
- Mm-hmm?
- Did you guys
move Trudy Platt?
- No, why?
- She's not in her room.
- She's supposed to be.
- And where is
her hospital detail?
- He was right there.
[dramatic music]
*
[line trilling]
.
[dark music]
*
- [groans]
[mutters]
*
[exhales]
[groans]
*
[closes drawer]
[glass breaking, falling]
*
- Thank you.
Okay, Platt's car hasn't moved,
so if she's mobile,
we don't know
what vehicle she's in.
- Wait, so she just--
she just walked out?
- No, it sounds like
she escaped to me.
We got two patrolmen
sitting on the room.
- Should we put out
an investigative alert?
She's injured.
She needs help.
- No, we bring her in,
and we do it quiet.
I don't want a paper trail
until this turns into
something we can't contain.
- I don't understand.
I was just with her.
She seemed fine.
- What did she say?
- Nothing.
She was breaking balls, mine,
like, she seemed fine.
- What did you say?
Did you tell her where
we're at with the case?
- I might have said something
about the muscle car.
- Oh, man,
you gave her our lead.
She's chasing it down.
She knows who the guy is now.
- All right, find Platt,
find McGregor,
before someone gets killed.
*
- Hey?
Yeah.
*
Hey.
Hey, you didn't know.
- I shouldn't have
said anything.
- You angry?
- Yes, I'm angry.
- Good,
'cause the way out of this
is to do good work.
We have one goal, right?
We find Platt.
- Right.
- Come on.
*
[floorboard creaks]
[door shuts]
*
- Wade McGregor.
Don't bother packing.
- What's up, Trudy?
*
- My gun.
Gee, thanks.
[handcuffs jingle]
Put these on.
- Am I under arrest?
- That remains to be seen.
*
- All right.
I'll call you back.
What's up?
- So Platt's father
had three cars
parked in a lot
by his house.
I figure she knows that.
This is his S-Class exiting
the lot one hour ago.
I put a BOLO on the vehicle.
- I told you to keep this quiet.
- Yeah, but I put a BOLO
on the vehicle,
not on Platt,
and not on her target.
She's in danger so I'm sorry,
but I'm gonna do
everything I can
to bring her in safe.
- Okay.
- And you said move fast.
- Tactical unit
spotted the car
at the 2200 block
of Michigan.
They dropped an anchor,
but it's not occupied.
- 2200.
[flips pages]
That's right where
her father's office is.
- If she's looking for McGregor,
she can't come here.
*
- Go.
Search the whole building--
just us.
- Yeah.
- Hey.
Find her.
- I will.
*
- You set me up.
- Yeah, well...
[chuckles]
You made it easy.
You cut corners
on Dad's buildings.
You dealt coke and laundered
proceeds through his job sites.
- He robbed me blind.
- And I warned you then
to stay away.
If you wanted money,
you call a lawyer,
but no,
that's not you, Wade.
- [coughs]
I'm not the one
that needs a lawyer.
*
- You don't threaten
the person who has you
tied to a chair, moron.
*
- [struggling]
- What did he say?
- [spits]
What are you asking?
- My father,
what were his last words?
- I don't remember.
[grunts]
*
- Open.
Open.
*
[tape outstretching]
[dark music]
*
- We need to talk.
Shh.
*
- You shouldn't have
come here, Hank.
- Trudy.
- I need to do this.
- And you shouldn't be here.
- Trudy, listen.
You got to calm down.
It's just me.
Okay, I need the truth
so I can fix this.
- There's no fixing this.
- Trudy, I have put
a lot worse back together.
Right now, you and I
have got to get on the same page
'cause people are gonna be
double-checking our work.
- Then you need to let me finish
what I came here to do.
- Trudy, Trudy.
- You of all people
should understand this!
- You're not me, Trudy!
*
You wouldn't be able
to live with yourself.
- He killed my dad.
He killed my dad.
[crying]
- I know.
- [sobbing]
- He'll do his time.
- [crying]
[solemn music]
[crying]
*
- Voight got him.
He's being booked right now.
- And Platt?
- She's back at Med,
resting up.
- Why do I feel like
I just got played?
- [sighs]
There's a cure for that,
and it is
half off on Wednesdays, so.
- [laughs softly]
- Come on, I'm buying.
- Yeah.
[indistinct P.A. announcement]
- It's gonna be okay.
I mean, he's not gonna
breathe free air again,
so we can just move on.
- Move on?
He hasn't been arraigned.
There is gonna be a trial.
You're gonna testify.
- I--we can move on
from the worst part.
- You say so.
- I do.
- How did they find him,
McGregor?
- Some old muscle car
he had.
Guy gets out of prison,
goes straight for his old ride.
The tactical team
located him.
- [exhales]
I thought I was having
a coronary event,
you out chasing
a killer like that.
- I made a mistake.
- A mistake?
- You--sometimes you forget
that I'm the police.
And I worked the streets,
and I did it for a long time.
[cries]
- And you forget
you're someone's wife now.
[solemn music]
I know what you did
way back when.
And you did
what you had to do.
*
But tonight?
I don't know.
*
I wish we'd met
when we were younger.
*
- [cries]
I love you.
- I love you too.
*
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org